Where do you work?
Where did you go to school
How has your day been
Do you have any pets? What are they like?
Hi my name is ____. What's your name?
What's your favorite TV show? Why?
Where are you from?
What is your favorite movie? Why?
Do you have any hobbies
Do you have a favorite book/author?
What are your thoughts on technology and its advancement?
Do you prefer to get gifts on a holiday or do you prefer to get money and buy what you want later?
Hard or Soft shell tacos
What's your favorite sport
Do you play video games?
If you won the lottery would you still work/go to school?
Cats or dogs? Why?
What do you think is the most difficult job?
What is your dream job?
If you had three wishes what would they be
If you could live anywhere in the world where would you go?
What is your dream vacation
Whats were your favorite TV shows as a kid
Coffee or Tea?
If you could have any superpower what would it be?
What's the best Halloween costume you have seen
What is something that is super annoying to you
What age would you go back to if you could
What's your favorite food>
What's the most important quality in a friend?
What kinds of music do you like to listen to
What would you like to do when you retire
Are you introverted or extroverted
If you were a member of royalty what would your throne look like
What's more important fashion or comfort?
What is the most important step in making the world a better place
Are you a morning or night person?
What talent do you have that is completely useless
What kind of business would you start?
What was your first smartphone
If you had to change your name what would your new name be
How important is education to you
Do you prefer to go out to the movie theatre or wait and watch it at home?
What's something you have never done but would like to do
What's the first thing you notice about a person
Do you prefer Urban or rural life
If you could wear Pajamas to work would you do it
Who is your favorite comedian
Where did you go on your last vacation
If you had intro music what song would it be
What three words best describe you
What is your favorite number
Are you very organized
What do you value more a good car or a good house?
What word or saying should come back/disappear
What do you do to make yourself feel better if you are sick
What's something on your bucket list
What TV show is most like your life? Why?
What style of music do you dislike
Were you ever in a band
Do you play an instrument
If you could play an instrument which one would it be
Do you like classical music?
What is the weirdest food you have ever eaten
What is your favorite season
What Holiday is your favorite
What is the best seasonal food
If you could choose to only have one season the whole year which one would it be
Are you good with spicy food
What is the spiciest thing you have ever eaten
What would you want your last meal to be
If you could spend a day with anyone in the world who would it be
What is a flavour of icecream you have never had but would like to try
Do you think there are other dimensions out there
If you had a mascot what would it look like
What is the funniest name you have ever heard?
What sport would be made better if the players were all drunk
What animal would be the rudest if animals could talk
What will you be nostalgic for in 40 years
What would be the coolest animal to scale up to the size of a horse
What's the most ridiculous fact you know
What is the best type of cheese
What is the best Wifi name you have seen
What would some of the cheat codes be if life was a game
If you could make a creature what would it be called and look like
If dried grapes are raisins and dried plums are prunes what name should dried apricots have?
What is the most imaginative insult you can come up with
Is cereal soup
Is a hotdog a sandwich
What is your dream car?
How are you doing today
Tacos or Burritos
Where is your family from
Do you play any video games
What do you do for work
What's your favorite drink?
What was your favorite class in school?
Have you ever ridden a horse before?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years from now?
If you could name the next element what would you call it?